Hi. I'm going to be going over how to optimize your viewing experience,
so we do use YouTube for all of our videos.
I turned the volume also down to listen to this video
while I'm talking through the different things you can do.
But first off, you can use this gear icon here and you
can actually speed up or slow down the speed at which you're watching videos.
Personally I like it one and a quarter speed,
it goes a little bit faster,
helps you come with course faster,
so I like that and then,
let me pause it for a second,
next thing you can do is you can adjust the resolution.
So, sometimes it can be a bit fuzzy especially when we are showing an alteryx workflow,
it can be hard to make out the details,
but we do record all of our videos in HD,
so you can select.
Sometimes we only have 720,
but if you select to any one of the HD it'll update your video,
and the quality will get much more clear.
Then the last thing I wanted to point out is that anytime you
can turn captions on or off by clicking this little cc button.
So, hopefully those suggestions,
so adjusting the speed, adjusting the quality,
and turning on captions will help you have
a better experience throughout the course for the Business Analyst Nanodegree. Thanks.